

Data mining, the extraction of hidden predictive information from large databases, is a
powerful new technology with great potential. Data mining is a knowledge discovery
process in large and complex data sets, refers to extracting or “mining” knowledge from
large amounts of data. Moreover, data mining can be used to predict an outcome for a given
entity (Hernández et al., 2006).
Thus clustering algorithms in data mining are equivalent to the task of identifying groups of
Open Access Database www.intechweb.org
records that are similar between themselves but different from the rest. (Varan, 2006).

1.3 Web mining
Usually, web mining is categorized as web content mining and web usage mining. The first
studies the search and retrieval of information on the web, while the second discovers and
analyzes user’s access pattern (Xu et al., 2003). A knowledge discovery tool, WebLogMiner, is
discussed in (Zaiane et al., 1998), which uses OLAP and data mining techniques for mining
web server log files. In (Mobasher et al, 2000), a web mining frame-work which integrated
both usage and content attributes of a site is described. Some techniques based on clustering
and association rules are proposed. In (Yao & Yao, 2003; Yao, 2003) presents a framework
and information retrieval techniques to support individual scientists doing research.
3. Web radio
A research is detailed to acquire knowledge about how to develop a Web Radio using Social
Data Mining and Cultural Algorithms (Reynolds, 1998), to a best functionality of it. Main
thematic of the web radio is music to dance, that includes all the rates that consider
equipment to dance, its directed to an ample segment of the society, whose only restriction
is focused towards the different musical likes, any person who has desires to listen music
and why not, to take advantage of it to dance, doesn’t matter sex, age, civil state, nationality
or many other factors, can access to our web counting on access to internet. Data Mining is
very useful to any kind of projects, for that reason, we decided to use it inside, with this